how's it going everyone today's video is
going to be a little different today I'm
going to show you how to solo the
Icecrown Citadel gunship battle I am a
level 90 brew master monk and I'm doing
this on 10 man normal mode difficulty so
there are a couple of things of note
first and foremost the cannons most
people know what to do here you press
one until your heat builds up to
approximately 95 or so and then you
press two the reason you need to wait
for the heat to build up to 95 is so
that your incineration blast will do 45k
damage or more if you don't do this you
will like I wiped maybe eight or nine
times now it's not fun and then there
are the Marines and sergeants that will
spawn periodically if they are left
alone they will cast burning pitch which
does approximately 5% of your ship's
health over time and damage the rifleman
will do the same thing however they're
easy enough to deal with after you've
done so much damage
mirdon will call out a sorcerer to shut
down the cannons once the marines and
sergeants are taken care of all you need
to do is have your rocket pack on jump
over and land near the sorcerer and
you'll do half their health and damage
from there it's pretty easy to take down
then you hop back over and rinse and
repeat so ready here we go
[Music]
[Laughter]
member
[Music]
and that in a nutshell is how you solo
the ICC gunship battle have fun guys